Enhance crypto security allowing only the no-arguments constructor of SecureRandom (MASTG-TEST-0016) (#2621)
OWASP/owasp-mastg: tests/android/MASVS-CRYPTO/MASTG-TEST-0016.md

Identify all the instances of random number generators and look for either custom or well-known insecure classes. For instance, `java.util.Random` produces an identical sequence of numbers for each given seed value; consequently, the sequence of numbers is predictable. Instead a well-vetted algorithm should be chosen that is currently considered to be strong by experts in the field, and a well-tested implementations with adequate length seeds should be used.

Identify all instances of `SecureRandom` that are not created using the default constructor. Specifying the seed value may reduce randomness. Use only the [no-argument constructor of `SecureRandom`](https://wiki.sei.cmu.edu/confluence/display/java/MSC02-J.+Generate+strong+random+numbers "Generation of Strong Random Numbers") that uses the system-specified seed value to generate a 128-byte-long random number.

In general, if a PRNG is not advertised as being cryptographically secure (e.g. `java.util.Random`), then it is probably a statistical PRNG and should not be used in security-sensitive contexts.

> Pseudo-random number generators [can produce predictable numbers](https://www.securecoding.cert.org/confluence/display/java/MSC63-J.+Ensure+that+SecureRandom+is+properly+seeded "Proper seeding of SecureRandom") if the generator is known and the seed can be guessed. A 128-bit seed is a good starting point for producing a "random enough" number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pseudo-random number generators [can produce predictable numbers](https://wiki.sei.cmu.edu/confluence/display/java/MSC63-J.+Ensure+that+SecureRandom+is+properly+seeded "Proper seeding of SecureRandom") if the generator is known and the seed can be guessed. A 128-bit seed is a good starting point for producing a "random enough" number.
```
